Now that we're able to switch between the different pages in our application,
the next skill obviously is to fill these pages with some life and no matter which application you'll
be building, for that you'll need the many widgets and components the Ionic framework gives you.
And therefore in this module, we'll dive a bit deeper into that and I'll walk you through some of the
most important Ionic components, how to use them, how to use them together and how to use them in our
application here. To be precise,
we'll have a look at how we can use attributes and slots of components, since pretty much all Ionic components
offer you different attributes or properties to configure them and a lot of them also give you these
slots and we'll dive into what these slots really are.
We'll then have a closer look at this grid layout which we already used, the ion-grid but I'll then walk
you through it in detail and explain how you can configure it for all kinds of different layouts you
might want to have. We'll thereafter dive into some crucial components like ion-list, ion-item, ion-label,
and also things like virtual scrolling and advanced features like that.
We'll then dive in general into more components we'll need in our application and that might be interesting
to you as well
and last but not least, we'll dive from to some other controller components which are essentially the
components you don't add by adding them in your templates but by injecting their service or their controller
class as we did it for the modal controller for example.
So lots of ground to cover,
let's get started.